# ABSTRACT
Water, snow, dust, and road spray are all removed from a vehicle's windscreen by the windshield wipers. The early windshield wipers were manually operated by moving a lever located inside the vehicle's interior. Later wiper designs were powered by the manifold vacuum generated by the engine. In today's world, virtually all wipers are powered by an electric motor connected to a linkage system, and they are controlled by a knob located next to the steering wheel. The driver has the ability to control the speed of the wiper blades.

Modern windshield wipers can also be operated on an as-needed basis. The intermittent wiper option, as opposed to the continuous wiper option, cycles the wipers on and off every few seconds rather than operating continuously. It was in the 1970s that intermittent control made its debut in autos. A steady power source was used to control the original intermittent wipers, which were routed through a series of switches to achieve their functionality. Most automobile wipers are now controlled by a microprocessor, which is becoming increasingly common.

Many wiper systems in cars today are controlled by a rain sensor, which measures the speed at which raindrops hit the windshield and activates the wipers. The inputs from the sensor are evaluated by a microprocessor, which then calculates the speed at which the wipers should travel.
    
## Objective
   Our objective is to build a Wiper Control system using STM32 which is a 32-bit microcontroller IC.The wiper operation can be carried out with basic modes like On, speed change and Off. As STM32 contains only 1 push button, the same button is utilized for all operations.
   The discovery board contains 4 LEDs 
   *  The RED LED is considered for the ACC position. Once the push button is pressed for 2 seconds, the RED LED keeps continuously glowing until the stop of the engine signifying the engine condition to be turned ON.
   *  On press of the user input push button, the other three Blue, Green and Orange LEDs come ON one at a time with the set frequency. The frequency changes on every alternate key press, 3 frequency levels with 1, 4 and 8 Hz.
   *  The LED glow pattern stops on the 4th press; the wiper action starts with the next press.
   *  If the push button is pressed for 2 seconds continuously, the RED light goes off and the pattern stops bringing it to default position which signifies the engine is turned OFF.
